Gwyn
Lord of Sunlight. He challenged the dragons, together with the other Lords. After he sacrificed himself to link the fire, he became Lord of Cinder. He has an army of trustworthy knights, Black Knights who haunt Lordran. There were also four higher ranking knights, Ornstein, Ciaran, Artorias and Gough. He once led the Silver Knights as well, when he was once the Lord of Sunlight, however his lost of Godly Status had lost his grip across the outside world after lighting the Flame for the second time.

Ornstein: The Dragonslayer. With his spear, and the ring given to him by Gwyn, he was strong enough to slice boulders in two. He was placed as one of two guards of Gwynevere's throne room, the other being the city's former executioner, Smough. His Leo Ring allows him to deal more thrusting damage during counter-attacks.
Ciaran: The Lord's Blade. She was the most talented assassin under Gwyn, laying waste to his enemies. She wielded a dagger and a curved shortsword as her weapons of choice. Her Hornet Ring boosts critical damage, allowing her to more efficiently eliminate her targets.
Artorias: The Abysswalker. Armed with blessed weaponry, he traversed the Dark, in order to stop it's spread, but was overcome and possessed by it. He was given the Wolf Ring, based on his companion, Sif, in order to improve his abilities as a greatswordsman.
Gough: The Hawkeye. He and his army of archers, the Dragonslayers, used mighty greatbows to slay dragons mid-flight. He was the most skilled archer in Lordran, rivaled only by the human Pharis.
Covenant: Way of White
Items: Great Lord Set, Great Lord Greatsword
Spells: Sunlight Spear

Gwynevere
Daughter of Gwyn, who left Anor Londo with the other deities and is currently wife to the flame god Flann. An illusion created by her younger brother, Gwyndolin, mimics her, sitting in her old room in the keep of Anor Londo.

Covenant: Princess's Guard
Items: Ring of the Sun Princess, Divine Blessing
Spells: Bountiful Sunlight, Soothing Sunlight

Gwyndolin
Gwyndolin is the last born child of Lord Gwyn, and the last deity left in Anor Londo.
Since his power was found to be closely tied to the moon, he was raised as a daughter. As the last deity in Anor Londo, he protected his Father's grave from any assailants, and unleashed his Blades upon any who would desecrate or insult the gods.

Covenant: Blades of the Darkmoon
People: Darkmoon Knightess
Items: Darkmoon Seance Ring, Gwyndolin Moonlight Set, Darkmoon Bow, Tin Darkmoon Catalyst
Spells: Darkmoon Blade

Velka
The goddess of sin. Little is known about this rogue goddess, who meddles in the affairs of humans.
Her followers deal with the guilty, be it pardoning their sins, or punishing them. Her talismans are said to be made of her raven hair, and along with her following, is based around intelligence, not faith.

People: Oswald of Carim
Items: Black Set, Velka's Rapier, Velka's Talisman
Spells: Vow of Silence, Karmic Justice

Fina
Said to possess fateful beauty. Fina found favor in the knight Lautrec, and the armor he wears symbolizes her embrace, while his ring symbolizes her favor and protection.

People: Knight Lautrec
Items: Favor Set, Ring of Favor and Protection

Blacksmith Deity
An old deity of smithing. He crafted weapons for the other gods, and his legendary slabs turned simple weapons into tools of legend.

 

Bosses
Taurus Demon
A bull demon who managed to escape to the surface when Lost Izalith came into being.

Bell Gargoyles
Four (although only two attack the player) who guard the entrance to the first Bell of Awakening. Presumably a test for the Chosen Undead.

Asylum Demon
Capra Demon
A goat demon who managed to escape to the surface when Lost Izalith came into being.

Ceaseless Discharge
The brother of the Daughters of Chaos. He watches guard over his sister's corpse.

Centipede Demon
The Ceaseless Discharge was once given the Charred Orange Ring by his sisters to stop his pain. When he dropped it, the centipede Demon was born.

Quelaag
One of the Daughters of Chaos. She stays in her domain and gathers humanity for her sister, the fair lady.

Crossbreed Priscilla
Speculated to be the daughter of Gwynevere and Seath the Scaleless.
Being a half-breed, she lives in the Painted World, hiding herself away from the Gods. Ironically enough, the Painted World holds much of what the Gods fear.

Dark Sun Gwyndolin
Son of Gwyn, raised as a daughter because of his affinity for moonlight sorcery. Is the guardian of the Darkmoon Tomb and leader of the Blade of the Darkmoon covenant.
He is keeping up the illusion that Anor Londo is still under the gods' control with his magic.

Gaping Dragon
Huge dragon with human hands that lives at the bottom of the Depths. Mutated by his insatiable hunger into having a huge mouth as his body.

Great Grey Wolf Sif
Friend and companion of Knight Artorias. Accompanied Artorias into the Abyss but was unable to prevent the Dark of the Abyss from enslaving the once brave knight. Sif was saved from the evil of the Abyss by Artorias's last act of goodness by covering the wolf with his healing greatshield. Sif now guard the corpse of his former friend deep within the heart of the Darkroot Forest.

Iron Golem
The Final test for warriors heading to Anor Londo. The only heroes to have defeated him are the Chosen Undead and Black Iron Tarkus.

Ornstein and Smough
Two knights of Lord Gwyn, they are tasked with guarding Gwynevere.

Pinwheel
Necromancer who stole the Right of Kindling and fled to the Catacombs.
Pinwheel has three faces: Father, Child, and Mother. Pinwheel was once a man who lost his son and wife. He attempted to bring them back through necromancy, but ended up fusing their bodies with his. When Pinwheel clones himself, it is actually his attempt at unfusing the three bodies.
Throughout the Pinwheel boss fight, the masks can be heard whispering in the background of the music. What the Mother and Child say is difficult to make out. The Mother chants something along the lines of, "We will never die," which refers to how the player will always obtain one of the Family Masks. It is believed that the Child chants, "Help me." Although it is difficult to hear the Mother and Child, it is easy to hear what the Father says. "I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry."

 

Covenants
Way of White
The Way of White is the covenant of Lord Gwyn. Those who are a part of this covenant seek to aid one another and ward off Dark Spirits. They search for the Rite of Kindling, which is believed to grant great powers, and wish to continue the Age of Fire by Linking the Bonfires.	- Petrus of Thorolound
- Reah of Thorolound
Princess' Guard
The covenant of Gwynevere, Princess of Sunlight. Those who are a part of this covenant are guardians who will stop at nothing to protect Gwynevere, believed to be one of the last remaining Deities in Anor Londo. They also seek to aid one another and are specialists in healing.	- Gwynevere, Princess of Sunlight
Blades of the Darkmoon
The covenant of Dark Sun Gwyndolin, the last true remaining deity in Anor Londo. Gwyndolin will call upon his faithful followers to punish the guilty - they are assassins fighting to enforce the laws of the Gods.	- Gwyndolin, God of the Dark Sun
Warriors of Sunlight
The covenant of Solaire of Astora. The main aim of this Covenant is to help others in their journey. Those who are a part of this covenant have a golden summon sign that shines brilliantly like the sun. Praise The Sun!	- Sunlight Altar
- Solaire of Astora (while at Sunlight Altar)
Forest Hunters
The covenant of Alvina, the white Cat of the Forest. She has lived since the early Age of Fire, and was a trusted friend of Knight Artorias and the Great Wolf Sif. Those who join this covenant will be called upon to fight off any grave-defiling intruders that dares to set foot in the forest.	- Alvina, Cat of the Forest
Chaos Servants
The covenant of the Daughter of Chaos, The Fair Lady. Chaos Servants devote their life to the Daughter of Chaos, who sacrificed her own health to ease the pains of those suffering from the Blight.	- The Fair Lady, Firekeeper and Leader of the Covenant
Gravelord Servants
The covenant of Gravelord Nito. The followers of Nito will be granted the power to spread disaster in the world of others.	- Gravelord Nito
Path of the Dragon
Covenant of the last dragon, The Everlasting Dragon. The followers of the Dragon, the Dragon Apostles, seek the transcendence of life itself, attainable by transformation into an ancient dragon.	- Everlasting Dragon
Darkwraiths
Covenant of Darkstalker Kaathe, the primordial serpent. The Dark Wraiths seek to preserve Humanity, and thus collect it in order to prevent the feeding of Bonfires. Unlike the Way of White, they wish to end the Age of Fire and to usher in the Age of Darkness.	- Darkstalker Kaathe, the Primordial Serpent