Of Lands and Rulers outside of Lordran.

Astora
Astora is an advanced region ruled by royalty, known for its brave knights, skilled craftsmen, and overall beauty. The knights of Astora are the protectors of the Fire, and their high-ranking knights wield powerful enchanted and blessed weapons. Astora was once assaulted by a dark beast, which was slain and its spirit bound to a magic ring. The spirit of the evil eye absorbs life, and probably reflects the properties of the beast. It takes a skilled craftsman to make such devices, which also reflects their ability to craft high quality weapons, advanced utilities and intricate [[#|ornaments]].	People: Solaire of Astora, Blacksmith Andre, Anastacia of Astora, Oscar of Astora, Undead Prince Ricard, Beast of Astora
Items: Ring of the Evil Eye, Binoculars, Crest Shield, Dragon Crest Shield, Astora's Straight Sword, Elite Knight armor
Balder
The ancient kingdom of Balder, once the home of the legendary Knight King Rendal, but the kingdom was reduced to ruins after a widespread outbreak of the Undead. The Knights of Balder wielded rock-solid long swords which are excellent for thrust attacks. According to legend, the King once killed a giant drake by his sword alone, and hacked it to pieces, no doubt with the help of his enchanted ring which boosts defence against attacks.	People: Knight King Rendal, Balder Knights.
Items: Silver Coin, Ring of Steel Protection, Balder Side Sword, Balder Shield, Balder Armor.
Berenike
The Knight Berenike was a knight of inhuman strength, he was known for his massive shield of iron which could crush a knight in one fell swoop. Countless Knights of Berenike, once praised as the mightiest of the mighty warriors, became Undead and ventured to Lordran on a fateful journey. They were giants of men, who wielded Greatswords and wore heavy armor, but they went Hollow in the end, and became a threat to all Undead. A Warrior known as Iron Tarkus was one of the beings who belonged to the land, even though he died shortly after leaving Sen's Fortress in victory.	People: Iron Tarkus, Tower Knights.
Items: Black Iron Armor, Steel Armor, Greatsword, Greataxe, Tower Shield, Black Iron Greatshield
Carim
The people of Carim are similar to Thorolund, although they worship different Gods all together, with many once residing in Lordran before the Second Lighting of the Flame of Disparity, the First Flame. Their culture in general has Dark beings who wander Lordran in general, and have done many things for the act and beliefs of the Gods of Carim.	People: Lautrec of Carim, Oswald of Carim, Ingward, Sir Arstor, the Earl of Carim.
Items: Red Tearstone Ring, Blood/Poison/CurseBite Rings, (Rare) Ring of Sacrifice, Ring of Favor and Protection, Purging Stone, Shotel, Parrying Dagger, Velka's Talisman, Velka's Rapier, Black Armor Set, Armor of Favor, Sealer's Crimson Armor, Tin Banishment Catalyst, Sniper Crossbow, Dried Finger
Spells: Remedy, Resist Curse, Vow of Silence, Karmic Justice.
Catarina
The land of Catarina, known for its cheerful inhabitants, festivity and drink. These gallant, honorable knights are often ridiculed for their humongous onion-like attire. They are usually disrespected and mocked by others due to their armor, despite how effective it is for defense.
The people of Catarina are few and unknown in Lordran, however they are known for their strength and cheerfulness, and are very polite when it comes to communication, compared to other beings of the world.	People: Siegmeyer of Catarina, Sieglinde of Catarina, Old Man McLoyf, God of Medicine and Drink
Items: Blue Tearstone Ring, Catarina ("Onion") Armor, Pierce Shield.
Spells: Emit Force
Far East
The distant eastern lands, home to silent assassins and fierce swordsmen wielding sharp, brittle swords. Many of the beings from the Far East use the arts of stealth and speed in their favour, and are known to gauge and attack enemies with high speeds. A few have entered Lordran, most residing in Blighttown	People: Shiva of the East.
Items: Shadow Armor Set, Eastern Armor Set, Iron Round Shield, Uchigatana, Iaito, Washing Pole, Murakumo, Claws, Dark Wood Grain Ring, East Wood Grain Ring
Fivefinger Delta
The fertile farmlands at the mouth of the river. Apart from being mostly inhabited by farmers, not much else is known about the delta area.	 
Great Swamp
The great swamp, assumed to be in the delta area, is inhabited by heretics who were prejudiced by their atypical looks and driven into the hinterlands. The great swamp is a treacherous area with its rugged grasslands and swamps, where poison, fire and other forces of nature are a common threat. The inhabitants, who refer to the great swamp as an abundant store of nature, are known for their 'primitive' pyromancy and tough, tattered attire.
The Pyromancers are frowned upon by others outside Lordran, and are usually hated by the living for their arts. However Pyromancers are more respected in Lordran for what they are, due to the land of Lordran being home to the First Flame, as well as the Witch of Izalith, Godmother of Pyromancy itself.	People: Laurentius of the Great Swamp, Eingyi of the Great Swamp, Salaman the Master Pyromancer, Carmina
Items: Pyromancer Set
Spells: Fireball, Fire Orb, Great Fireball, Flash Sweat, Combustion, Power Within, Iron Flesh, Toxic Mist, Poison Mist
Oolacile
The ancient lost land of Oolacile, reduced to ashes long ago, was a land of ancient sorceries. Its sorcerers were known for their ability to control light, to create optical illusions, and gentle survival spells in general. Princess Dusk of Oolacile, the last surviving of her kind, was taken from her home and banished to a plane of distortion. She has since remained trapped in a crystal golem. Her people once believed in, and were guided by the Great Flames. Some people claim that Darkroot Forest was Oolacile before it was destroyed, explaining Dusk's location and the ruins in the forest. This theory is further supported by the location of the mushroom people in both Darkroot Garden and Oolacile, and the fact that the geography of the two locations are remarkably similar. The stone bridge leading from the Sif boss fight and the surrounding wooded areas are almost identical to the Oolacile Sanctuary and the early stages of the Royal Wood. This may also explain why Sif guards the grave of Artorius at this location, since Artorius succumbed to the abyss whilst in Oolacile.	People: Princess Dusk of Oolacile.
Items: Oolacile Ivory Catalyst, Antiquated Dress
Spells: Hidden Body, Cast Light, Repair, Chameleon, Hidden Weapon.
Thorolund
Land of believers governed by the House of Thorolund, known for its stalwart clerics. Followers of Allfather Lloyd, with his white halo, and members of the Way of White. The people of Thorolund are very devote towards the way of Lloyd, and they are known to have their affection and ties towards the Former Lord of Sunlight, Gwyn. Gwyn was the nephew of the God, Allfather Lloyd, who was Gwyn's Uncle. Being devoted to the gods, they frown upon both Dragons and Sorcery, and despise both for what they are.
Their ties towards Gwyn led the citizens of Thorolund to the idea of Kindling the Bonfires, and towards keeping the Flame lit, rather than letting it wither away. However Holy, they are known for being strong-headed and stubborn at times, and are known as snobby by outsiders. They also understand what the meaning of the Dark is as well, aside from the Flame.
Vereor Nox: Fear/Respect the Dark, or fearfully respect the Dark
People: Petrus of Thorolund, Reah of Thorolund, Vince and Nico of Thorolund, Allfather Lloyd, Paladin Leeroy, Havel the Rock
Items: Thorolund Talisman, White Seance Ring, Havel's Ring, Havel's Greatshield, Havel's Set, Paladin Set, Cleric Set, Gold Coin, Lloyd's Talisman, Sanctus, Crescent Axe, Grant, Canvas Talisman, Ivory Talisman, Holy Cloth, Maiden Set
Spells: Force, Wrath of the Gods, Heal, Great Heal Excerpt, Great Heal, Magic Barrier, Great Magic Barrier
Vinheim
Home of the Dragon Scholar Sorcerers of the Vinheim Dragon School. Their intelligent and scholarly looks often invite insult. They are the masters of the realm of research through the art of the soul, Sorcery, having the famous Dragon School, which researches such arts. They were also known for their students who studied in the arts of Stealth, and covert operations performed by those students these for the Dragon School, and the rumors of such beings are feared for those who know.
The Great Hero, known as "Big Hat" Logan, was a great Sorcerer and Teacher to many students, even though he preferred to not be bothered, and always studied in his books, wearing a large hat to hide his face. This earned him his nickname.	People: Big Hat Logan, Rickert of Vinheim, Griggs of Vinheim.
Items: Sorcerer Set, Black Sorcerer Set, Big Hat's Set, Small Leather Shield, Logan's Catalyst, Sorcerer's Catalyst.
Spells: Fall Control, Hush, Aural Decoy, Soul Spear, Heavy Soul Arrow, Soul Arrow, Magic Shield, Strong Magic Shield, Great Magic Weapon, Magic Weapon, Great Heavy Soul Arrow, Great Soul Arrow, Homing Soulmass
Zena
The historical ancient land of Zena, with its quirky inhabitants known for their thoughtful, mature looks. Little is known of Zena, however the people of the land seem to have no ties towards Lordran, other than the scavenger Merchant known as Domhnall, and possibly is also tied towards Seath as well, although hard to say.	People: Domhnall of Zena.
Items: Adventure Set